>> Steve Kinney: So yeah, these are,
we talk a lot about those, first layer and
second layer defenses.
Always sanitize your inputs.
A content security policy is another layer
that if someone does get one in, right?
Then still you have a way of also not
executing that code, right?
The way that the web works, as we saw
before again, second layer defense.
Don't rely on it first and foremost,
but it's your second friend in
case the sanitization doesn't work,
is that, the way the web works is great.
You put a cat meme in there,
you're gonna see a cat meme.
It could be hosted on
somebody else's site.
You can put in jQuery from a CDN and
have jQuery available.
You can grab the bootstrap these
are like blasts in the past, right?
Grab the Bootstrap CSS and
drop it in there.
Yeah, do all that stuff.
That's kind of what makes the web great,
until it's not, right?
And a CSP is basically a way to say,
okay, you know what?
Changed my mind.
Only, very much the way that
CORS does it for requests,
Content Security probably does it for
loading resources.
You're like, I only want you to load
resources from known good domains.
If someone jams in their
third-party external script, right?
Then,don't run it.
And the idea of having a Content
Security Policy at all, just having
one will disable inline scripts just
like that script tag is like that.
Script alert one script will be
disabled unless you actually go,
say, unsafe inline, right?
Should you say unsafe inline,
then you opted into this, and
you deserve whatever happens to you.
And you're like, what if I need it?
I think you need to pull that out into a
script that you load on an origin that you
can trust.
I question whether or not you need it, and
I will show you ways around it if
you truly need an inline script.
I will show them to you.
I'm just not gonna be happy about it.
And they work and they're good.
So it's basically saying only for
these things and you can say like,
I'll allow CSS from this domain and
scripts from this other one, right?
So you can get very granular, you can
say where you'll allow frames from and
everything along those lines as well,
and kind of have all that in place.
And it is effectively either a header in
the HTTP response or if you somehow don't
have access to the actual server, you can
literally just put in the HTML, right?
These will work the same way headers do.
And the way that the browser loads
the page, it starts at the top and
works its way down.
So ideally, Javascript does not load
until after it's read these tags.
If you use any kind of ESM,
it always waits until the DOM is loaded,
do I actually know what happens if you
really hate yourself and you put your CSS,
but that will still be
before the DOM loaded.
Who knows?
Or your JavaScript file
before your meta tags.
I'm not entirely sure how that
works in browsers these days but
you wouldn't have access to the DOM anyway
so you're probably fine but don't do it.